Men shame women for wanting money. They
call it too much. They pretend it is
moral.
>> Moral what?
>> Nobody's shaming men for wanting a
beautiful woman. Hi guys and welcome
back to my channel. If you're new here,
my name is Michaela. If you want to know
how to spot a true provider man, don't
forget to download my ebook, The Queen
Treatment. Link is in my bio. Let's get
right into this. If men are saying it is
unattractive,
shallow, or it is some kind of bad moral
that you want money, don't take it
seriously. Okay? Everyone wants to be
spoiled. Even and especially the men who
are shaming you for wanting provision
are the men who wish they could receive
provision from someone. Okay? It's not a
crime to be financially attracted to a
man. It's actually normal instinct and
standard for a woman to want a man who
can financially provide whatever you
need. I want you to never take anything
these type of men say seriously. You
simply need to be unbothered and see
beyond the surface. And beyond the
surface is what insecurity and
resentment. And this is what most people
do not understand. Men who get offended
by a woman's standards are not
confident. They are resentful. They are
insecure. And you have to understand
why. I want you to think about your
childhood. Think about now when you see
children running around, who gets more
attention? The girls or the boys? It's
the woman who gets the attention from
very early age on. And that's why most
men, most boys when they are growing up,
they feel invisible. They do not feel
seen, validated or important at all. And
that's also the reason why then later
when men grow older, they want to fill
this gap with material things. It's a
known thing that men want to show off
with their cars, their watches, their
achievements, and also with their
beautiful woman. Why? Because ultimately
a woman next to a man is representing
how good he does. When you think about a
couple walking down the street and she
is drop deadad gorgeous, she's well
taken care of. She's wearing jewelry,
expensive bags, you're not thinking,
"Wow, what business is she doing? She
must be so well." When she's with a man,
you will be thinking, "Wow, he must be
doing so well and he must be so
generous, taking so good care of her. He
gets the props." Okay? It's always the
man who gets the props for a woman being
well taken care of. That's why men want
to be surrounded by one or many
beautiful women because it is status.
Okay? Men are then competing against
each other with those materialistic
things. They're not actually competing
verbally, but they are competing with
their assets in their life. Who has the
louder car? Who has the bigger and more
expensive watch? Who has better
achievements? And also, who has a more
beautiful woman? The thing is that many
men when they grow up, they create this
silent resentment towards women because
women always got more attention for
doing literally nothing but looking
cute. Then when he's adult and the woman
comes into his life, these insecure men
deep down feel exposed. Your standards
reminds them of that part within
themselves that does not feel enough,
that was never seen, validated, and
feeling important. Now your standards
combined with his resentment will show
up in reactions like shaming women for
having standards, wanting effort and
saying things like I would never open my
door for a woman. I would never pay
anything for a woman. Flowers? What? For
what should I send you flowers? She
thinks she's too expensive. She wants
too much. Her standards are irrealistic.
These type of women are just gold
diggers. But again, this is not a
masculine healthy provider man speaking.
This is his resentment and insecurity
speaking. The actual gold diggers are
these men themselves because they want
to have the woman to show off. They want
to be with a beautiful woman that is
taken care of, but she should maintain
herself. She should put her own money
into maintaining herself, showing up as
her best self, having her jewelry, her
bags while he gets the props. I'm not
saying be dependent on a man, but I'm
saying when you are with a man,
everything that is on you should come
from him. Okay? When you're with a man,
he should pay the bill. Obviously, when
you are with him, he has to be minimum
partially the source of what he's
showing off. Otherwise, he is the only
gold digger in this room. Okay? He is
the gold digger that doesn't want to put
in effort, put in money, invest, but
wants to show up with something that is
actually not his. See, when you have a
beautiful bag, of course, you will kind
of show it off to your friends. You feel
good because you're having a nice bag.
You feel beautiful. You're happy. You're
showing off yourself. But a man does not
really need to look good for others,
right? He wants to show off with his
achievements and you are part of his
achievements. Otherwise, he wouldn't be
with you. Try to ask a man if he would
ever date a woman that he's physically
not attracted to. He would never because
there is nothing to show off for him.
Why would he want to go on a date with a
woman that he doesn't feel like is an
achievement to get. And that's also the
reason why it is so important to have
actually standards to first of all
filter the men out who feel insecure and
threatened and resentful towards you
towards women and second of all the more
he invests the more proud he is to
actually have you. It's an achievement
for him to have you. It's like hey I got
this woman and I know what I worked for
it. She was not easy to get and now I'm
so proud to show it off that she is with
me. That's why you should never ever
feel offended by a man trying to shame
you for your standards or trying to even
bash you down because deep down you are
simply triggering his deepest insecurity
which is he is not enough. Your
standards are filtering men out. They
are not a wall. They are not too high to
achieve. They are not too unrealistic.
They are simply filtering the weak man
from the strong men and the weak man
will always be reminded of what he is
not. Of course he is getting threatened.
No man likes standards that he cannot
come up to. No man wants to be exposed
with his luck. And I want you to write
down the following. So you keep it in
your mind. Providing exposes capability.
His capability exposes his inadequacy.
And his inadequacy triggers
defensiveness. And this defensiveness
always turns into shaming woman. Now,
next time when a man tries to shame you,
I want you to put a little smirk in your
face and think about how insecure this
poor man must be. He needs to defend
himself because he knows he is lacking
quality or quantity of what you want.
When you are aware that he is not having
what you need, then he simply not
capable of achieving what you need. And
a man that is not capable is a man
you're going to waste your time on. And
now maybe this sounds very very harsh
for you, but I want you to think the
same way about beauty. Okay? If a man
would come to you and tell you that he
wants a woman with big boobs, a big
booty, but you are skinny, you will get
defensive. You want to defend yourself
because you know deep down you cannot
give him what he wants. you are
incapable of being the type of woman
that he wants. And the problem here is
not that you look a certain type of way
or that the man cannot afford your
standards. The problem here is that men
want you to lower your standards. You as
a woman want to be financially attracted
and the men want to be physically
attracted, which is completely fine. The
only thing is that woman would never
shame a man for these beauty standards.
A woman would simply move on with her
life and understand, hey, it's okay. I'm
not your type. There will be someone
whose type I am. And the same thing
should be with men. But men want to
shame women, bring women down to make
them lower their standards. So these
type of dusty, insecure men get access
to a high value woman without actually
needing to put in the effort. And this
is what the gold digger does. That's why
only weak men are trying to bash you
down for having standards, bash you down
for wanting money. But best believe me,
there are strong men out there. There
are healthy masculine provider men who
would love to support you, to provide
for you because they know it is a flex
for them. Okay? They are proud of taking
care of you. It's their pride to have a
woman next to them and they know deep
down this woman looks the way she's
happy because of me because I invest so
much in her. And this is the difference
between a weak and a strong man. A
strong man loves women with standards
and a weak man gets threatened by her.
Weak men are bitter, unregulated, avoid
responsibility, shame women and fear any
expectations. And let me tell you one
more thing. You will never ever come
across a strong, healthy man trying to
make you lower your standards for him.
If he truly wants you and he knows that
it is not within his current
capabilities, he is currently inadequate
to fulfill your standards. The only
thing he will think is either this is
not for me or he will be so motivated to
get his things up, to achieve more, to
accumulate more wealth and to do better
in his life. so that one day he will
come back and he will be able to fulfill
your standards. Women wanting to be
spoiled was and is never the problem.
The problem are insecure men who are not
able to provide and still want access.
Anyways, ladies, I hope this could help.
Thank you so much for watching. I see
you in my next video. Bye-bye.